README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <br>
  <img width="400" src="https://rawgit.com/vuejs/awesome-vue/master/logo.png" alt="awesome">
  <br>
  <br>
</p>

## Awesome Vue.js [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> A curated list of awesome things related to Vue.js

- [Official Resources](#official-resources)
- [External Resources](#external-resources)
- [Community](#community)
- [Podcasts](#podcasts)
- [Official Examples](#official-examples)
- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [Development Tools](#development-tools)
- [Syntax Highlighting](#syntax-highlighting)
- [Libraries & Plugins](#libraries--plugins)
  - [Routing](#routing)
  - [Ajax/Data](#ajaxdata)
  - [State Management](#state-management)
  - [Validation](#validation)
  - [UI Components](#ui-components)
  - [i18n](#i18n)
  - [Examples](#examples)
  - [Boilerplates](#boilerplates)
  - [Scaffolding](#scaffolding)
  - [Integrations](#integrations)
  - [General Plugins/Directives](#general-pluginsdirectives)
- [Projects Using Vue.js](#projects-using-vuejs)
  - [Open Source](#open-source)
  - [Apps/Websites](#appswebsites)
  - [Interactive Experiences](#interactive-experiences)
  - [Enterprise Usage](#enterprise-usage)

### Official Resources

- [Official Guide](http://vuejs.org/guide/)
- [API Reference](http://vuejs.org/api/)
- [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/vuejs/vue)
- [Release Notes](https://github.com/vuejs/vue/releases)

### External Resources

- [Vue.js資料まとめ(for japanese)](https://gist.github.com/hashrock/f575928d0e109ace9ad0) by @hashrock

### Community

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/vuejs)
- [Gitter Chat Room](https://gitter.im/vuejs/vue)
- [Official Forum](http://forum.vuejs.org/)
- [vue-requests](https://github.com/simplesmiler/vue-requests) - Request a Vue.js module you wish existed or get ideas for modules

### Podcasts

- [Full Stack Radio #30 (11-23-2015)](http://www.fullstackradio.com/30)
- [JavaScript Jabber #187 (11-25-2015)](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/187-jsj-vue-js-with-evan-you)
- [Changelog #184 (11-27-2015)](https://changelog.com/184/)
- [Software Engineering Daily (12-29-2015)](http://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2015/12/29/front-end-javascript-with-evan-you/)

### Official Examples

- [Basic Examples](http://vuejs.org/guide/)
- [Vue.js TodoMVC](https://github.com/vuejs/vue/tree/dev/examples/todomvc)
- [Vue.js HackerNews Clone](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-hackernews)

### Tutorials

#### 1.0

- [What's New in Vue.js 1.0](http://www.sitepoint.com/whats-new-in-vue-js-1-0/) on Sitepoint <sup>1.0</sup>
- [Vue.js screencasts](https://laracasts.com/series/learning-vue-step-by-step) on Laracasts <sup>1.0</sup>
- [Build an App with Vue.js: From Authentication to Calling an API](https://auth0.com/blog/2015/11/13/build-an-app-with-vuejs/) on Auth0 blog <sup>1.0</sup>
- [Create a GitHub File Explorer Using Vue.js](https://scotch.io/tutorials/create-a-github-file-explorer-using-vue-js) on Scotch.io <sup>1.0</sup>
- [Vue.js Tutorial](http://vegibit.com/vue-js-tutorial/) on Vegibit <sup>1.0</sup>
- [Vue.js build set-up from scratch with webpack, vue-loader and hot reload](http://skyronic.com/2015/12/28/vue-project-scratch/)
- [Vuex basics: Tutorial and explanation](http://skyronic.com/2016/01/03/vuex-basics-tutorial/)
- [Vue.js 中文系列视频教程](https://laravist.com/series/vue-js-1-0-in-action-series) on Laravist <sup>1.0</sup>

#### 0.12 and earlier

- [Vue.js screencasts](https://laracasts.com/series/learning-vuejs) on Laracasts <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Build an App with Vue.js](https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-an-app-with-vue-js-a-lightweight-alternative-to-angularjs) on Scotch.io <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Getting Started with Vue.js](http://www.sitepoint.com/getting-started-with-vue-js/) on Sitepoint <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Vue.js video series in portuguese](http://forum.vuejs.org/topic/49/vue-js-video-series-in-portuguese) <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Vue.js video series in russian](http://ausite.ru/category/js/vue-js) on Ausite <sup>0.12</sup>
- [A Quick Introduction to Vue.js](http://mattsparks.com/a-quick-introduction-to-vue-js/) by Matt Sparks <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Getting Started with Vue.js + vue-router](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QN7l3ydXvx0) by Michael Calkins <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Many JS Frameworks but Vue.js Is Different](http://taha-sh.com/blog/many-js-frameworks-but-vuejs-is-different) by Taha Shashtari <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Getting Started with Vue.js - AngularJS perspective](http://fadeit.dk/blog/post/getting-started-with-vuejs-angularjs-perspective) by Dan Mindru <sup>0.11</sup>

### Development Tools

- [vue-cli](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli): official CLI for scaffolding Vue.js projects.
- [vue-loader](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-loader) - Vue component loader for Webpack.
  - [vue-loader-example](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-loader-example)
- [vueify](https://github.com/vuejs/vueify) - Vue component transform for Browserify.
  - [vueify-example](https://github.com/vuejs/vueify-example)
- [vue-devtools](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-devtools) - Chrome devtools extension for debugging Vue applications.
- [grunt-vueify](https://github.com/SkewedAspect/grunt-vueify) - Translate `.vue` files to pure JavaScript, without using Browserify. (Useful for Electron apps)
- [vue-compiler](https://github.com/paulpflug/vue-compiler) A simple CLI wrapper around vueify
- [vue-autocompile](https://atom.io/packages/vue-autocompile) - Atom.io package to compile `.vue` files on save.

### Syntax Highlighting

- [Sublime Text](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-syntax-highlight)
- [Atom](https://atom.io/packages/language-vue) by @hedefalk
- [Atom (2)](https://atom.io/packages/language-vue-component) by @CYBAI
- [Vim](https://github.com/posva/vim-vue) by @darthmall and @posva
- [Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items/liuji-jim.vue) by Jim Liu
- [Brackets](https://github.com/pandao/brackets-vue) by @pandao

### Libraries & Plugins

- #### Routing

  - [vue-router](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router) - Official router for building SPAs. <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>
  - [Vue view](https://github.com/molforp/vue-view), ui-router inspired routes (with states), based on pagejs by @molforp
  - [Vue page](https://github.com/AlexToudic/vue-page), a routing system based on pagejs by @AlexToudic
  - [Vue Lanes](https://github.com/bpierre/vue-lanes), an event-based routing system for Vue by @bpierre
  - [Vue route](https://github.com/ayamflow/vue-route), ng-view inspired routes for Vue by @ayamflow
  - [voie](https://github.com/inca/voie) — simple router / layout manager inspired by FSMs and ui-router by [Boris Okunskiy](https://github.com/inca)<sup>1.0</sup>

- #### Ajax/Data

  - [vue-resource](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-resource) - AJAX/Resource plugin maintained by the [PageKit](http://pagekit.com/) team. <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>
  - [vue-async-data](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-async-data) - Async data loading plugin <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>

- #### State Management

  - [vuex](https://github.com/vuejs/vuex) - Flux/Redux inspired application architecture for Vue.js.
  - [revue](https://github.com/egoist/revue) - Redux binding for Vue by @egoist
  - [vue-redux](https://github.com/yang-wei/vue-redux) - Redux binding for Vue by @yang-wei

- #### Validation

  - [vue-validator](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-validator) - Form validation plugin maintained by @kazupon <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>
  - [Vue validator](https://github.com/xrado/vue-validator) by @xrado
  - [vue-form](https://github.com/fergaldoyle/vue-form) by @fergaldoyle <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>

- #### UI Components

  - [VueStrap](http://yuche.github.io/vue-strap/), Bootstrap components built with pure Vue.js by @yuche <sup>1.0</sup>
  - [VueBoot](http://morgul.github.io/vueboot/), Bootstrap v4 components by @Morgul <sup>1.0</sup>
  - [vue-mdl](https://github.com/posva/vue-mdl): Reusable Vue.js components using Material Design Lite. By [@posva](https://github.com/posva)
  - [vue-countup](https://github.com/samcrosoft/vue-countup): A Vue.js component for the very interesting [CountUp.js](https://inorganik.github.io/countUp.js/) plugin. <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>
  - [Vue Tag Editor Component](https://github.com/hnakamur/vue.tag-editor.js) by @hnakamur
  - [Vue Crop](http://pespantelis.github.io/vue-crop/)
  - [Vue Typeahead](http://pespantelis.github.io/vue-typeahead/)
  - [Typed select component](https://github.com/dgerber/vue-select-js) by @dgerber
  - [vue-select](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-select): A Vue.js component implementing the select control with the [jQuery select2 plugin](https://github.com/select2/select2).  By @Haixing-Hu
  - [vue-html-editor](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-html-editor): A Vue.js component implementing the HTML editor with the [jQuery summernote plugin](https://github.com/summernote/summernote). By @Haixing-Hu
  - [vue-datetime-picker](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-datetime-picker): A Vue.js component implementing the datetime picker control using the [Eonasdan's bootstrap datetime picker plugin](https://github.com/Eonasdan/bootstrap-datetimepicker). By @Haixing-Hu
  - [vue-country-select](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-country-select): A Vue.js component implementing the select control used to select countries. It depends on [vue-select](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-select) and [vue-i18n](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-i18n). By @Haixing-Hu
  - [Form generation from JSON Schema](https://github.com/dgerber/vue-formidable) by @dgerber
  - [vue-panel](https://github.com/ericmcdaniel/vue-panel): A suite of Vue.js components for building Flexbox layouts by @ericmcdaniel
  - [vue-google-maps](https://github.com/GuillaumeLeclerc/vue-google-maps/): A suite of Vue.js components to build reactive Google Maps Applications by @GuillaumeLeclerc
  - [vue-transition](https://github.com/Twiknight/vue-transition): A component to trigger a CSS transition at any time by @Twiknight
  - [SVG icons](http://kzima.github.io/vuestrap-icons/#/icons), SVG sprites in form of a simple `<icon>` component, by @kzima <sup>1.0</sup>
  - [Extra Vuestrap components](http://gritcode.github.io/gritcode-components/#/toast), more components built with just B4 and Vue.js, by @kzima <sup>1.0</sup>
  - [VueStrap Base Components](http://kzima.github.io/vuestrap-base-components/#/accordion), A complete set of Bootstrap 4 web components built with pure Vue.js, by @kzima <sup>1.0</sup>
  - [Vue YouTube Embed](https://github.com/kaorun343/vue-youtube-embed): a directive for Vue.js and YouTube by @kaorun343
  - [Vue datepicker](https://github.com/hilongjw/vue-datepicker): calendar and datepicker component with material design for Vue.js  by @hilongjw
  - [vue-date-picker](https://github.com/Bubblings/vue-date-picker): A simple datepicker component for Vue.js by @Bubblings
  - [vue-spinner](https://github.com/greyby/vue-spinner): A collection of loading spinners with Vue.js.
  - [vue-image-loader](https://github.com/eduardostuart/vue-image-loader): Async image loader for Vue.js by @eduardostuart
  - [Vue-progressbar](https://github.com/hilongjw/vue-progressbar): A lightweight progress bar for Vue.js  by @hilongjw
  - [vue-clusterize](https://github.com/paulpflug/vue-clusterize): Invisible pagination / clusterize in vue

- #### i18n

  - [vue-i18n](https://github.com/kazupon/vue-i18n): Internationalization plugin.
  - [vue-i18n](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-i18n): A plugin providing a global interface used to localize internationalized messages used in the

- #### Examples

  - [Starter Application with JWT Auth + sample backend API in Laravel](http://forum.vuejs.org/topic/39/starter-application-with-jwt-auth-sample-backend-api)
  - [Node Webkit + Vue example](https://github.com/brandonjpierce/node-webkit-boilerplate) by @brandonjpierce
  - [Vue Samples](https://github.com/superlloyd/VueSamples) by @superlloyd
  - [HackerNews clone with vue.js + vue-router](https://github.com/kazupon/vue-router-hackernews) by @kazupon
  - [Electron + Vue example](https://github.com/bradstewart/electron-boilerplate-vue) by @bradstewart
  - [Single page application example (Vue + Voie)](https://github.com/inca/voie-example) by [Boris Okunskiy](https://github.com/inca)

- #### Boilerplates
  - [Boilerplate for Vue.js plugin ](https://github.com/kazupon/vue-plugin-boilerplate) by @kazupon
  - [Boilerplate for Vue.js & Atom Electron ](https://github.com/rodzzlessa24/vue-electron) by @rodzzlessa24

- #### Scaffolding

  - [vue-cli](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli): official CLI for scaffolding Vue.js projects.
  - [Vue generator](https://github.com/BirdEggegg/generator-vue): a simple yeoman generator for Vue by @BirdEggegg
  - [VENM stack yeoman generator](https://github.com/jfelsinger/generator-venm) by @jfelsinger
  - [Grail Yeoman Generator](https://github.com/mustardamus/generator-grail): a advanced yeoman generator for a modern modular one page web app, extendable with Vue.js alongside other nice tools
  - [VuePack](https://github.com/egoist/vuepack): A modern starter for Vue and Webpack by @egoist
  - [VueWebgulp](https://github.com/rodzzlessa24/vue-webgulp): A skeleton app using Vuejs, Gulp, and Webpack by @rodzzlessa24

- #### Integrations

  - [Vue for Meteor](https://github.com/zhouzhuojie/meteor-vue) by @zhouzhuojie
  - [ScalaJS bindings for Vue.js](https://github.com/fancellu/scalajs-vue) by @fancellu
  - [Socketize Backend](https://github.com/Socketize/vue.js-plugin): Sync your model data to Socketize backend automatically. By [@Socketize](https://github.com/Socketize)
  - [Vue-Meteor-Data](https://github.com/Grottolabs/vue-meteor-data) Two-way-reactivity mixin for Vue and Meteor by @JakobRosenberg
  - [Vue Proerty Decorator](https://github.com/kaorun343/vue-property-decorator): Property Decorators fro Vue.js by @kaorun343

- #### General Plugins/Directives

  - [vue-element](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-element): Register real custom elements with Vue.
  - [vue-touch](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-touch): Hammer.js wrapper directives for touch gestures. (Updated for 1.0!)
  - [Vue placeholder directives](https://github.com/lithiumjake/vue-placeholders) by @lithiumjake
  - [Vue in viewport detection directive](https://github.com/holic/vue-viewport) by @holic
  - [Vue once directive](https://github.com/kewah/vue-once) by @kewah
  - [Vue Modified Directive](https://github.com/KyleRoss/vue-modified) by @KyleRoss
  - [Maintain scroll position on page changes](https://github.com/mark-hahn/vue-keep-scroll) by @mark-hahn
  - [vue-titlecase](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-titlecase): A plugin providing a global filter and an instance method used to titlecase (different from capitalize) strings. By @Haixing-Hu
  - [vue-format](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-format): A plugin providing a global filter and an instance method used to format messages with arguments.  By @Haixing-Hu
  application.  By @Haixing-Hu
  - [vue-clickaway](https://github.com/simplesmiler/vue-clickaway): Assign a method to be called whenever user clicks away from the element. By @simplesmiler
  - [vue-focus](https://github.com/simplesmiler/vue-focus): Manage input focus in the MVVM-friendly way. By @simplesmiler
  - [vue-transfer-dom](https://github.com/rhyzx/vue-transfer-dom): Transfer DOM to another location. by @rhyzx
  - [vue-lazyload](https://github.com/hilongjw/vue-lazyload): lazyloading images. by @hilongjw
  - [v-touch](https://github.com/didierfranc/v-touch): The easiest way to use Hammer.js with Vue.js and use touch gestures. by [@didierfranc](https://github.com/didierfranc) <sup>Vue.js 1.x</sup>
  - [vue-mixins](https://github.com/paulpflug/vue-mixins) A collection of mixins aimed to replace some jQuery functionality

### Projects Using Vue.js

- #### Open Source

  - [PageKit](http://pagekit.com/) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/pagekit/pagekit)</sup>
  - [Laravel Spark](https://github.com/laravel/spark)
  - [p5.js editor](http://p5js.org/download/) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/processing/p5.js-editor)</sup>
  - [Python China](https://python-china.org) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/zerqu/qingcheng)</sup>
  - [npmcharts.com](http://npmcharts.com) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/cheapsteak/npmcharts.com)</sup>
  - [Todolist](https://github.com/jiyinyiyong/todolist) by @jiyinyiyong
  - [Dashboard framework](https://github.com/thelinuxlich/vue-dashing-js) by @thelinuxlich
  - [a simple notepad](https://github.com/sapjax/fewords)
  - [FilterBlend](https://github.com/ilyashubin/FilterBlend): CSS blend modes and filters playground by @ilyashubin
  - [Koel](http://koel.phanan.net): Music streaming server
  - [Selection Translator](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ikhdkkncnoglghljlkmcimlnlhkeamad) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/lmk123/crx-selection-translate)</sup> A Chrome Extension let browse any language websites has never been easier.
  - [SwitchHosts](https://oldj.github.io/SwitchHosts/) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/oldj/SwitchHosts)</sup> Switch hosts quickly.
  - [RSS Reader](https://github.com/mrgodhani/rss-reader) Simple RSS Reader made using atom electron and vue.js.

- #### Apps/Websites

  - [Formlets](https://www.formlets.com)
  - [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com)
  - [CUUSOO](https://cuusoo.com)
  - [esa.io](https://esa.io/)
  - [N1.ru](http://n1.ru)
  - [稀土掘金](http://gold.xitu.io)
  - [Prague Airport](http://www.prague-airport.com/)
  - [Expressionery](https://www.expressionery.com)
  - [BUYIT](http://bt.workswell.com.au) by @[Workswell Australia](http://workswell.com.au)
  - [Portfolio Site](http://corentinbac.com/) by Corentin Bac
  - [Compare Prices by Currys & PCWorld](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.dixons.compareprices&hl=en)
  - [Grammarly](https://grammarly.com/) mistake-free writing service
  - [Laravist](https://laravist.com/)
  - [Atiiv](https://atiiv.com) An app aimed for personal trainers and their clients.
  - [Statamic](http://v2.statamic.com)
  - [Embalses!](http://embalses.azurewebsites.net/) A tool to report water dam level using the U.S. Geological Survey database.

- #### Interactive Experiences

  - [Blood, Sweat and Tools](http://bloodsweatandtools.discovery.ca/gamebench/) - by Jam3, led by @cheapsteak
  - [Omnisense Experience](http://omnisense.net) - *Awwwards & FWA SOTD, FWA Cutting Edge. Awwwards SOTM nominee.*
  - [Being the Bear](https://danslapeaudelours.canalplus.fr/en/) - *Awwwards & FWA SOTD, FWA Cutting Edge, Awwwards SOTM nominee.*
  - [Heineken Star Experience](http://www.starexperience.fr/) - *FWA SOTD.*
  - [Louis Ansa Website (portfolio)](http://louisansa.com) - *Awwwards SOTD, FWA nominee.*
  - [Digital For All](http://www.digitalforallnow.com/en/experience)
  - [Djeco.com](http://www.djeco.com/en)

- #### Enterprise Usage

  - Alibaba
  - Baidu
  - Sina Weibo
  - Xiaomi
  - Ele.me
  - Optimizely
  - Expedia
  - UCWeb
  - Line
  - Nintendo

## License

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

Commit message:

Adds the new SPA starter project written in Lumen + Vue.js

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <br>
  <img width="400" src="https://rawgit.com/vuejs/awesome-vue/master/logo.png" alt="awesome">
  <br>
  <br>
</p>

## Awesome Vue.js [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> A curated list of awesome things related to Vue.js

- [Official Resources](#official-resources)
- [External Resources](#external-resources)
- [Community](#community)
- [Podcasts](#podcasts)
- [Official Examples](#official-examples)
- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [Development Tools](#development-tools)
- [Syntax Highlighting](#syntax-highlighting)
- [Libraries & Plugins](#libraries--plugins)
  - [Routing](#routing)
  - [Ajax/Data](#ajaxdata)
  - [State Management](#state-management)
  - [Validation](#validation)
  - [UI Components](#ui-components)
  - [i18n](#i18n)
  - [Examples](#examples)
  - [Boilerplates](#boilerplates)
  - [Scaffolding](#scaffolding)
  - [Integrations](#integrations)
  - [General Plugins/Directives](#general-pluginsdirectives)
- [Projects Using Vue.js](#projects-using-vuejs)
  - [Open Source](#open-source)
  - [Apps/Websites](#appswebsites)
  - [Interactive Experiences](#interactive-experiences)
  - [Enterprise Usage](#enterprise-usage)

### Official Resources

- [Official Guide](http://vuejs.org/guide/)
- [API Reference](http://vuejs.org/api/)
- [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/vuejs/vue)
- [Release Notes](https://github.com/vuejs/vue/releases)

### External Resources

- [Vue.js資料まとめ(for japanese)](https://gist.github.com/hashrock/f575928d0e109ace9ad0) by @hashrock

### Community

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/vuejs)
- [Gitter Chat Room](https://gitter.im/vuejs/vue)
- [Official Forum](http://forum.vuejs.org/)
- [vue-requests](https://github.com/simplesmiler/vue-requests) - Request a Vue.js module you wish existed or get ideas for modules

### Podcasts

- [Full Stack Radio #30 (11-23-2015)](http://www.fullstackradio.com/30)
- [JavaScript Jabber #187 (11-25-2015)](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/187-jsj-vue-js-with-evan-you)
- [Changelog #184 (11-27-2015)](https://changelog.com/184/)
- [Software Engineering Daily (12-29-2015)](http://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2015/12/29/front-end-javascript-with-evan-you/)

### Official Examples

- [Basic Examples](http://vuejs.org/guide/)
- [Vue.js TodoMVC](https://github.com/vuejs/vue/tree/dev/examples/todomvc)
- [Vue.js HackerNews Clone](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-hackernews)

### Tutorials

#### 1.0

- [What's New in Vue.js 1.0](http://www.sitepoint.com/whats-new-in-vue-js-1-0/) on Sitepoint <sup>1.0</sup>
- [Vue.js screencasts](https://laracasts.com/series/learning-vue-step-by-step) on Laracasts <sup>1.0</sup>
- [Build an App with Vue.js: From Authentication to Calling an API](https://auth0.com/blog/2015/11/13/build-an-app-with-vuejs/) on Auth0 blog <sup>1.0</sup>
- [Create a GitHub File Explorer Using Vue.js](https://scotch.io/tutorials/create-a-github-file-explorer-using-vue-js) on Scotch.io <sup>1.0</sup>
- [Vue.js Tutorial](http://vegibit.com/vue-js-tutorial/) on Vegibit <sup>1.0</sup>
- [Vue.js build set-up from scratch with webpack, vue-loader and hot reload](http://skyronic.com/2015/12/28/vue-project-scratch/)
- [Vuex basics: Tutorial and explanation](http://skyronic.com/2016/01/03/vuex-basics-tutorial/)
- [Vue.js 中文系列视频教程](https://laravist.com/series/vue-js-1-0-in-action-series) on Laravist <sup>1.0</sup>

#### 0.12 and earlier

- [Vue.js screencasts](https://laracasts.com/series/learning-vuejs) on Laracasts <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Build an App with Vue.js](https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-an-app-with-vue-js-a-lightweight-alternative-to-angularjs) on Scotch.io <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Getting Started with Vue.js](http://www.sitepoint.com/getting-started-with-vue-js/) on Sitepoint <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Vue.js video series in portuguese](http://forum.vuejs.org/topic/49/vue-js-video-series-in-portuguese) <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Vue.js video series in russian](http://ausite.ru/category/js/vue-js) on Ausite <sup>0.12</sup>
- [A Quick Introduction to Vue.js](http://mattsparks.com/a-quick-introduction-to-vue-js/) by Matt Sparks <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Getting Started with Vue.js + vue-router](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QN7l3ydXvx0) by Michael Calkins <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Many JS Frameworks but Vue.js Is Different](http://taha-sh.com/blog/many-js-frameworks-but-vuejs-is-different) by Taha Shashtari <sup>0.12</sup>
- [Getting Started with Vue.js - AngularJS perspective](http://fadeit.dk/blog/post/getting-started-with-vuejs-angularjs-perspective) by Dan Mindru <sup>0.11</sup>

### Development Tools

- [vue-cli](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli): official CLI for scaffolding Vue.js projects.
- [vue-loader](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-loader) - Vue component loader for Webpack.
  - [vue-loader-example](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-loader-example)
- [vueify](https://github.com/vuejs/vueify) - Vue component transform for Browserify.
  - [vueify-example](https://github.com/vuejs/vueify-example)
- [vue-devtools](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-devtools) - Chrome devtools extension for debugging Vue applications.
- [grunt-vueify](https://github.com/SkewedAspect/grunt-vueify) - Translate `.vue` files to pure JavaScript, without using Browserify. (Useful for Electron apps)
- [vue-compiler](https://github.com/paulpflug/vue-compiler) A simple CLI wrapper around vueify
- [vue-autocompile](https://atom.io/packages/vue-autocompile) - Atom.io package to compile `.vue` files on save.

### Syntax Highlighting

- [Sublime Text](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-syntax-highlight)
- [Atom](https://atom.io/packages/language-vue) by @hedefalk
- [Atom (2)](https://atom.io/packages/language-vue-component) by @CYBAI
- [Vim](https://github.com/posva/vim-vue) by @darthmall and @posva
- [Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items/liuji-jim.vue) by Jim Liu
- [Brackets](https://github.com/pandao/brackets-vue) by @pandao

### Libraries & Plugins

- #### Routing

  - [vue-router](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router) - Official router for building SPAs. <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>
  - [Vue view](https://github.com/molforp/vue-view), ui-router inspired routes (with states), based on pagejs by @molforp
  - [Vue page](https://github.com/AlexToudic/vue-page), a routing system based on pagejs by @AlexToudic
  - [Vue Lanes](https://github.com/bpierre/vue-lanes), an event-based routing system for Vue by @bpierre
  - [Vue route](https://github.com/ayamflow/vue-route), ng-view inspired routes for Vue by @ayamflow
  - [voie](https://github.com/inca/voie) — simple router / layout manager inspired by FSMs and ui-router by [Boris Okunskiy](https://github.com/inca)<sup>1.0</sup>

- #### Ajax/Data

  - [vue-resource](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-resource) - AJAX/Resource plugin maintained by the [PageKit](http://pagekit.com/) team. <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>
  - [vue-async-data](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-async-data) - Async data loading plugin <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>

- #### State Management

  - [vuex](https://github.com/vuejs/vuex) - Flux/Redux inspired application architecture for Vue.js.
  - [revue](https://github.com/egoist/revue) - Redux binding for Vue by @egoist
  - [vue-redux](https://github.com/yang-wei/vue-redux) - Redux binding for Vue by @yang-wei

- #### Validation

  - [vue-validator](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-validator) - Form validation plugin maintained by @kazupon <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>
  - [Vue validator](https://github.com/xrado/vue-validator) by @xrado
  - [vue-form](https://github.com/fergaldoyle/vue-form) by @fergaldoyle <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>

- #### UI Components

  - [VueStrap](http://yuche.github.io/vue-strap/), Bootstrap components built with pure Vue.js by @yuche <sup>1.0</sup>
  - [VueBoot](http://morgul.github.io/vueboot/), Bootstrap v4 components by @Morgul <sup>1.0</sup>
  - [vue-mdl](https://github.com/posva/vue-mdl): Reusable Vue.js components using Material Design Lite. By [@posva](https://github.com/posva)
  - [vue-countup](https://github.com/samcrosoft/vue-countup): A Vue.js component for the very interesting [CountUp.js](https://inorganik.github.io/countUp.js/) plugin. <sup>1.0 compatible</sup>
  - [Vue Tag Editor Component](https://github.com/hnakamur/vue.tag-editor.js) by @hnakamur
  - [Vue Crop](http://pespantelis.github.io/vue-crop/)
  - [Vue Typeahead](http://pespantelis.github.io/vue-typeahead/)
  - [Typed select component](https://github.com/dgerber/vue-select-js) by @dgerber
  - [vue-select](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-select): A Vue.js component implementing the select control with the [jQuery select2 plugin](https://github.com/select2/select2).  By @Haixing-Hu
  - [vue-html-editor](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-html-editor): A Vue.js component implementing the HTML editor with the [jQuery summernote plugin](https://github.com/summernote/summernote). By @Haixing-Hu
  - [vue-datetime-picker](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-datetime-picker): A Vue.js component implementing the datetime picker control using the [Eonasdan's bootstrap datetime picker plugin](https://github.com/Eonasdan/bootstrap-datetimepicker). By @Haixing-Hu
  - [vue-country-select](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-country-select): A Vue.js component implementing the select control used to select countries. It depends on [vue-select](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-select) and [vue-i18n](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-i18n). By @Haixing-Hu
  - [Form generation from JSON Schema](https://github.com/dgerber/vue-formidable) by @dgerber
  - [vue-panel](https://github.com/ericmcdaniel/vue-panel): A suite of Vue.js components for building Flexbox layouts by @ericmcdaniel
  - [vue-google-maps](https://github.com/GuillaumeLeclerc/vue-google-maps/): A suite of Vue.js components to build reactive Google Maps Applications by @GuillaumeLeclerc
  - [vue-transition](https://github.com/Twiknight/vue-transition): A component to trigger a CSS transition at any time by @Twiknight
  - [SVG icons](http://kzima.github.io/vuestrap-icons/#/icons), SVG sprites in form of a simple `<icon>` component, by @kzima <sup>1.0</sup>
  - [Extra Vuestrap components](http://gritcode.github.io/gritcode-components/#/toast), more components built with just B4 and Vue.js, by @kzima <sup>1.0</sup>
  - [VueStrap Base Components](http://kzima.github.io/vuestrap-base-components/#/accordion), A complete set of Bootstrap 4 web components built with pure Vue.js, by @kzima <sup>1.0</sup>
  - [Vue YouTube Embed](https://github.com/kaorun343/vue-youtube-embed): a directive for Vue.js and YouTube by @kaorun343
  - [Vue datepicker](https://github.com/hilongjw/vue-datepicker): calendar and datepicker component with material design for Vue.js  by @hilongjw
  - [vue-date-picker](https://github.com/Bubblings/vue-date-picker): A simple datepicker component for Vue.js by @Bubblings
  - [vue-spinner](https://github.com/greyby/vue-spinner): A collection of loading spinners with Vue.js.
  - [vue-image-loader](https://github.com/eduardostuart/vue-image-loader): Async image loader for Vue.js by @eduardostuart
  - [Vue-progressbar](https://github.com/hilongjw/vue-progressbar): A lightweight progress bar for Vue.js  by @hilongjw
  - [vue-clusterize](https://github.com/paulpflug/vue-clusterize): Invisible pagination / clusterize in vue

- #### i18n

  - [vue-i18n](https://github.com/kazupon/vue-i18n): Internationalization plugin.
  - [vue-i18n](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-i18n): A plugin providing a global interface used to localize internationalized messages used in the

- #### Examples

  - [Starter Application with JWT Auth + sample backend API in Laravel](http://forum.vuejs.org/topic/39/starter-application-with-jwt-auth-sample-backend-api)
  - [Node Webkit + Vue example](https://github.com/brandonjpierce/node-webkit-boilerplate) by @brandonjpierce
  - [Vue Samples](https://github.com/superlloyd/VueSamples) by @superlloyd
  - [HackerNews clone with vue.js + vue-router](https://github.com/kazupon/vue-router-hackernews) by @kazupon
  - [Electron + Vue example](https://github.com/bradstewart/electron-boilerplate-vue) by @bradstewart
  - [Single page application example (Vue + Voie)](https://github.com/inca/voie-example) by [Boris Okunskiy](https://github.com/inca)
  - [Begin - Task Manager SPA written in Vue + Lumen](https://github.com/rajabishek/begin) by [Raj Abishek](https://github.com/rajabishek)

- #### Boilerplates
  - [Boilerplate for Vue.js plugin ](https://github.com/kazupon/vue-plugin-boilerplate) by @kazupon
  - [Boilerplate for Vue.js & Atom Electron ](https://github.com/rodzzlessa24/vue-electron) by @rodzzlessa24

- #### Scaffolding

  - [vue-cli](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli): official CLI for scaffolding Vue.js projects.
  - [Vue generator](https://github.com/BirdEggegg/generator-vue): a simple yeoman generator for Vue by @BirdEggegg
  - [VENM stack yeoman generator](https://github.com/jfelsinger/generator-venm) by @jfelsinger
  - [Grail Yeoman Generator](https://github.com/mustardamus/generator-grail): a advanced yeoman generator for a modern modular one page web app, extendable with Vue.js alongside other nice tools
  - [VuePack](https://github.com/egoist/vuepack): A modern starter for Vue and Webpack by @egoist
  - [VueWebgulp](https://github.com/rodzzlessa24/vue-webgulp): A skeleton app using Vuejs, Gulp, and Webpack by @rodzzlessa24

- #### Integrations

  - [Vue for Meteor](https://github.com/zhouzhuojie/meteor-vue) by @zhouzhuojie
  - [ScalaJS bindings for Vue.js](https://github.com/fancellu/scalajs-vue) by @fancellu
  - [Socketize Backend](https://github.com/Socketize/vue.js-plugin): Sync your model data to Socketize backend automatically. By [@Socketize](https://github.com/Socketize)
  - [Vue-Meteor-Data](https://github.com/Grottolabs/vue-meteor-data) Two-way-reactivity mixin for Vue and Meteor by @JakobRosenberg
  - [Vue Proerty Decorator](https://github.com/kaorun343/vue-property-decorator): Property Decorators fro Vue.js by @kaorun343

- #### General Plugins/Directives

  - [vue-element](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-element): Register real custom elements with Vue.
  - [vue-touch](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-touch): Hammer.js wrapper directives for touch gestures. (Updated for 1.0!)
  - [Vue placeholder directives](https://github.com/lithiumjake/vue-placeholders) by @lithiumjake
  - [Vue in viewport detection directive](https://github.com/holic/vue-viewport) by @holic
  - [Vue once directive](https://github.com/kewah/vue-once) by @kewah
  - [Vue Modified Directive](https://github.com/KyleRoss/vue-modified) by @KyleRoss
  - [Maintain scroll position on page changes](https://github.com/mark-hahn/vue-keep-scroll) by @mark-hahn
  - [vue-titlecase](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-titlecase): A plugin providing a global filter and an instance method used to titlecase (different from capitalize) strings. By @Haixing-Hu
  - [vue-format](https://github.com/Haixing-Hu/vue-format): A plugin providing a global filter and an instance method used to format messages with arguments.  By @Haixing-Hu
  application.  By @Haixing-Hu
  - [vue-clickaway](https://github.com/simplesmiler/vue-clickaway): Assign a method to be called whenever user clicks away from the element. By @simplesmiler
  - [vue-focus](https://github.com/simplesmiler/vue-focus): Manage input focus in the MVVM-friendly way. By @simplesmiler
  - [vue-transfer-dom](https://github.com/rhyzx/vue-transfer-dom): Transfer DOM to another location. by @rhyzx
  - [vue-lazyload](https://github.com/hilongjw/vue-lazyload): lazyloading images. by @hilongjw
  - [v-touch](https://github.com/didierfranc/v-touch): The easiest way to use Hammer.js with Vue.js and use touch gestures. by [@didierfranc](https://github.com/didierfranc) <sup>Vue.js 1.x</sup>
  - [vue-mixins](https://github.com/paulpflug/vue-mixins) A collection of mixins aimed to replace some jQuery functionality

### Projects Using Vue.js

- #### Open Source

  - [PageKit](http://pagekit.com/) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/pagekit/pagekit)</sup>
  - [Laravel Spark](https://github.com/laravel/spark)
  - [p5.js editor](http://p5js.org/download/) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/processing/p5.js-editor)</sup>
  - [Python China](https://python-china.org) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/zerqu/qingcheng)</sup>
  - [npmcharts.com](http://npmcharts.com) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/cheapsteak/npmcharts.com)</sup>
  - [Todolist](https://github.com/jiyinyiyong/todolist) by @jiyinyiyong
  - [Dashboard framework](https://github.com/thelinuxlich/vue-dashing-js) by @thelinuxlich
  - [a simple notepad](https://github.com/sapjax/fewords)
  - [FilterBlend](https://github.com/ilyashubin/FilterBlend): CSS blend modes and filters playground by @ilyashubin
  - [Koel](http://koel.phanan.net): Music streaming server
  - [Selection Translator](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ikhdkkncnoglghljlkmcimlnlhkeamad) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/lmk123/crx-selection-translate)</sup> A Chrome Extension let browse any language websites has never been easier.
  - [SwitchHosts](https://oldj.github.io/SwitchHosts/) <sup>[[Source]](https://github.com/oldj/SwitchHosts)</sup> Switch hosts quickly.
  - [RSS Reader](https://github.com/mrgodhani/rss-reader) Simple RSS Reader made using atom electron and vue.js.

- #### Apps/Websites

  - [Formlets](https://www.formlets.com)
  - [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com)
  - [CUUSOO](https://cuusoo.com)
  - [esa.io](https://esa.io/)
  - [N1.ru](http://n1.ru)
  - [稀土掘金](http://gold.xitu.io)
  - [Prague Airport](http://www.prague-airport.com/)
  - [Expressionery](https://www.expressionery.com)
  - [BUYIT](http://bt.workswell.com.au) by @[Workswell Australia](http://workswell.com.au)
  - [Portfolio Site](http://corentinbac.com/) by Corentin Bac
  - [Compare Prices by Currys & PCWorld](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.dixons.compareprices&hl=en)
  - [Grammarly](https://grammarly.com/) mistake-free writing service
  - [Laravist](https://laravist.com/)
  - [Atiiv](https://atiiv.com) An app aimed for personal trainers and their clients.
  - [Statamic](http://v2.statamic.com)
  - [Embalses!](http://embalses.azurewebsites.net/) A tool to report water dam level using the U.S. Geological Survey database.

- #### Interactive Experiences

  - [Blood, Sweat and Tools](http://bloodsweatandtools.discovery.ca/gamebench/) - by Jam3, led by @cheapsteak
  - [Omnisense Experience](http://omnisense.net) - *Awwwards & FWA SOTD, FWA Cutting Edge. Awwwards SOTM nominee.*
  - [Being the Bear](https://danslapeaudelours.canalplus.fr/en/) - *Awwwards & FWA SOTD, FWA Cutting Edge, Awwwards SOTM nominee.*
  - [Heineken Star Experience](http://www.starexperience.fr/) - *FWA SOTD.*
  - [Louis Ansa Website (portfolio)](http://louisansa.com) - *Awwwards SOTD, FWA nominee.*
  - [Digital For All](http://www.digitalforallnow.com/en/experience)
  - [Djeco.com](http://www.djeco.com/en)

- #### Enterprise Usage

  - Alibaba
  - Baidu
  - Sina Weibo
  - Xiaomi
  - Ele.me
  - Optimizely
  - Expedia
  - UCWeb
  - Line
  - Nintendo

## License

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
